[OCR Page 1]
atreya
INNOVATIONS
Swasthya
Darshika
Dr. Vijaykumar Ps Kadamba nano care
#740, IOth main; 33rd cross, 4th block jayanagar; bengaluru, +91.9620707345 Nanocare
Karnataka; India 560011 doctor@kadambamailcom
Patient Details
Achyutha Chandra (1005) Patient Name Date II Feb 2026 05.24 PM
Agelsex Weight : 67 Kg Height: 175 Cm 21 Male

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 2]
INDEX
Page No
01 Vikruti or Imbalance analysis
02 2 Health Parameter Level
Organ insights 03 3
04 Diet 4
05 Yoga Exercise 5
Aromatherapy 06 Panchakarma & 6
07 Ayurvedic & Health Supplements 7
08 Herbs Medicine 8
09 FAQ'S 9

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 3]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Welcome to your personalized Swasthya Darshika report
This detailed insight; derived trom the ancient wisdom of Nadi Pariksha and
modern wellness analytics, maps your body's rhythm, highlights imbalances,
guide to nurture harmony, and empowers you with knowledge. Use it as a
vitality; and mindful living, tailored uniquely to you:
Prakruti: Pitta Kapha
blend of fire (dominant) and water/earth elements
Your constitution is Pitta Kapha, which brings together qualities of both doshas. As a
male with & normal body type; your tendencies reflect this combination-physically
mentally: You are likely to experience traits from both doshas depending on your and
lifestyle, season, and stress levels. Understanding your prakruti helps you choose
foods; routines; and habits that support balance; health; and resilience:
Vikruti: Vata
blend of air (dominant) and space elements
Your current Vata imbalance, superimposed on your Pitta Kapha Prakruti, suggests &
need for grounding and regularity: While your hydration is high and stress is medium,
the medium toxins and flexibility indicate areas needing attention to prevent Vata-
aggravation:
Rhythm Pulse Rate Remark
79 Regular Good
1/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 4]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Nutritional Vitality Digestive Health Parameter Level
Digestion Level Low
30% functioning at & moderate level; which can be influenced by your Medium; Your digestion is currently
Vata imbalance_
Medium Toxin Level
40% Medium; Your medium toxin level indicates @ moderate buildup of metabolic waste; which can impede
bodily functions:
Hydration Level High 30% Your high hydration level is excellent for maintaining bodily functions and flushing toxins_
Body Strength
Immunity Level Medium
40% Medium; Your medium Immunity suggests & balanced but not robust state; requiring support to
enhance resilience:
Flexibility Level Medium
50% Medium flexibility indicates your range of motion is adequate but could be improved with targeted
exercises and therapies_
Mind Strength
Overthinking Level Low
30% Low hyperthinking is positive; indicating q calm mind, but vigilance is needed to prevent Vata from
increasing this
stress Level Medium 60%
Your medium stress level requires mindful management to prevent it from escalating:
2/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 5]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Potential Risk
High cholesterol; Your Pitta Kapha Prakruti, combined with medium toxin
levels, increases the likelihood of developing high cholesterol, Thyroid Current
disorder; The Vata imbalance can affect hormonal regulation; potentially
impacting thyroid function; especially with medium immunity
Muscle stiffness; Your Vata imbalance and medium flexibility indicate a
risk of developing muscle stiffness and joint discomfort; Sleep disturbance,
Future
The Vata imbalance can lead to a restless mind, increasing the risk of
sleep disturbances; especially with medium stress
Organ Insights
Kidney; Your high hydration level directly supports
optimal kidney function
Intestine; Your medium digestion indicates that your
intestines are functioning adequately, despite the
Vata imbalance
Bones; Your normal BMI and medium flexibility
suggest your bones are currently well-supported
and not under significant strain
Skin; The Vata imbalance can manifest as dryness
affecting your skin's health and occasional irritation;
Muscles, Medium flexibility and the Vata imbalance 8
can lead to reduced muscle suppleness and
potential stiffness
Liver; Medium toxin levels can a strain on your put
liver's detoxification processes
3/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 6]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Moong Dal Khichdi; bowl, easy to digest and Raw Vegetables; difficult to digest and can
balancing for Vata aggravate Vata
Ghee; 1 teaspoon lubricates the intestines and Cold Drinks, can dampen Agni and increase
grounds Vata Vata
Basmati Rice, small bowl, light and easy to Spicy Foods, can aggravate Pitta and increase
digest heat
Steamed Vegetables (like carrots, zucchini); Fried Foods; heavy and difficult to digest;
serving; hydrating and nourishing increasing toxins
soothing Canned/Processed Foods; lack of prana and Warm Milk with Cardamom, I cup,
and grounding before bed can increase Ama
Bitter Greens, can be too drying for Vata Roti (whole wheat flatbread); 1-2,warm and
grounding
Excessive Caffeine, can aggravate Vata and
Fresh Ginger, small piece; aids digestion and increase stress
reduces toxins
4/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 7]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Yoga at Home
Adho Mukha Svanasana surya Namaskar
hamstrings and calves Helps t0 stretch the dynamic sequence to warm Up the body
Anulom Vilom Padmasana Excellent for balancing Vata and improving Promotes stability and focus respiratory function
Bhujangasana Virabhadrasana
Builds strength and stability Supports liver function and helps to reduce medium
toxin levels
Exercise Outside
Walking Strength training
Gentle cardiovascular exercise that helps pocity To build muscle mass and support bone health
vata without aggravating Pitta
cycling Jogging
Moderate cardio to support circulation and good option for cardiovascular hedlth that
help manage medium toxin levels can be adjusted for intensity.
Plank squats
Improves core strength and stability Strengthens lower body and improves joint mobillty
5/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 8]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Panchakarma
This therapy is excellent for Abhyanga
pacifying your vata imbalance (oil massage)
and improving skin dryness
To calm your vata imbalance and Shirodhara
reduce potential anxiety
associated with medium stress
Helps to reduce medium toxin Swedana flexibility levels and improve (steam)
Aromatherapy
Grounding and calming Sandalwood
Lavender To help manage medium stress
levels and promote relaxation
Orange Uplifting and balancing for your
kapha prakruti pitta
edeej
8/9 Powered Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 9]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Ayurvedic Supplements
Ashwagandha Capsules To help manage medium stress levels and support
your Vata imbalance:
Supports immunity and helps in detoxification Amla Vitamin-C Capsules
Health supplements
supports joint health and can help with Omega-3
inflammation
Multivitamin Provides a broad spectrum of nutrients to support
overall health and medium immunity;
Na
Ls
81'
(( W
GKN/
Zn
7/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 10]
+91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
Ayurvedic Herbs
An adaptogen that helps balance
Ashwagandha Root Vata and manage medium
stress_
Rich in Vitamin C Amla Fruit
Ayurvedic Medicines
A rejuvenator that supports
immunity and helps reduce Chyawanprash
medium toxin levels_
Known for its immunity-boosting
Giloy Ghanvati properties
8/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 11]
91 9620707345 Kadamba nano care
doctor@kadambamailcom Dr. Vijaykumar Ps
FAq
What is Pulse Rate? What does it mean?
Your pulse rate of 79 bpm is within the normal range for your constitution:
What is your rhythm? What does it mean? 2
Your pulse rhythm is regular; indicating good cardiovascular stability:
What is your toxin level? What does it mean? 3
Medium toxin levels suggest a moderate accumulation of metabolic waste; potentially leading to
sluggishness and reduced vitality:
Whatis your immunity level? What does it mean?
Medium immunity indicates a balanced but not robust defense system, making you susceptible to minor
ailments
What is your digestion level? What does it mean? 5.
Medium digestion signifies a moderately efficient digestive process, though it can be irregular due to Vata
imbalance
6. What is your hyperthinking level? What does it mean?
Low hyperthinking is positive; indicating a calm mind, but vigilance is needed to prevent Vata from increasing
this_
What is your stress level? What does it mean? 7.
Medium stress levels suggest you are experiencing some pressure, which if unmanaged, can impact your
overall health
What is your hydration level? What does it mean?
High hydration is excellent, supporting bodily tunctions; toxin elimination; and overall cellular health:
'flexibility level? What does it mean? 9. What is your
Medium flexibility indicates your range of motion is adequate but could be improved with targeted exercises
and therapies
9/9 Powered by Atreya Innovations Pvt Ltd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

[OCR Page 12]
For Further information and Appointment booking Please contact
+91 9620707345
doctor@kadambamailcom
#740, IOth main; 33rd cross, 4th block
jayanagar; bengaluru; Karnataka; India
560011
11